

	This week I spent a lot of time thinking about how to present my, and others, research work. I presented CVPR 2020 papers in the larger SVL group and a smaller reading group, presented my own work at a lab meeting, and worked extensively on a proposal for funding for Amazon EC2 credits. I have been thinking a lot about the effects of presentation of research and its motivation. In CVPR, I noticed that the amount I engaged with and paid attention to certain papers over others depended a lot on the way it was presented, rather than the novelty or quality of the content. Although working on presenting my own research was more difficult than I expected, I learned a lot from the process. 
	The most difficult part of presenting CVPR papers, I found, was condensing my explanations within the time limit. Although all the oral sessions were five minutes, and the paper presentations just one minute, I hadn’t yet appreciated how challenging it is to condense the message while still explaining the concepts comprehensively. I was also surprised by how many hours and iterations went into producing a one page funding proposal describing my project. I tend to like editing and improving a condensed writing piece to produce a large amount of text, so I found it engaging to search for the exact right way to phrase our motivation and contributions in a connected way with a concise message. This was especially difficult because my project draws from a lot of different areas of prior work. However, I am happy with what we produced, and I think it was very helpful for me to be forced to structure the project framing in my own mind moving forward. 
	In terms of the project, I finished a functional pipeline that can now do compositional reasoning. So far, I have the ability to replace a direct reference to an object (e.g. “broom”) with an indirect reference (e.g. “the object they were carrying first). I can also refer to different portions of the video (e.g. “after they sneezed”, or “while they were looking at the computer”). The most difficult part of building these references was being able to stitch the programs for finding the compositional references with the program for finding the answer to the overall question. I want to brainstorm a wider variety of indirect references, but I’ve found it somewhat difficult brainstorming indirect references that sound natural. However, it is exciting to see the question generation pipeline finally working!
	The final event that stuck out to me this week was a presentation by Amy Ko about where people learn literacy of the social implications of technology. She is the head of Informatics at the University of Washington, and she has done a lot of work on improving equity for disadvantaged students. Her discussion with us really made me think about how little I have been taught about inequalities within technology in my formal education. Technology is often taught as either a neutral tool or an unabashed good, but the designs that go into it can privilege some groups. I had done some research on my own into this, but I have not been taught about it in my formal education. I think it is a very valuable thing to teach engineering (and all) students, but the school I go to is so pre-professional that they’re trying to reduce the number of humanities classes deemed necessary. I wonder how adding something into the curriculum is done, and what types of advocacy will help with pushing for these to be added to the curriculum. 
